basketball camp is next weekend
you got amazing potential on the court
and i can help you get there
that's not what i want dad you never let
me do what i want to do you never let me
just
do me up wrong floor
that will smith i gotta deal with this
what in the matrix hell
welcome king james i am the king of this
domain
this is the server-verse what'd you do
to my son where's dom
the only way you're getting your son
back is if you and i play a little
basketball
pete send this clown to the rejects
[Applause]
what is this
i'm a cartoon what's up doc
i need to assemble an elite team to help
get my son back i know what you're
looking for
a dream team ma'am shoot the ball
let's try that again shall we
king james
[Music]
and get our son back
yikes
classic welcome to the space
[Music]
welcome to the space jam
you don't know everything about me
i've lived a lot of lives
[Music]
before i was an avenger
before i got this family
i made mistakes choosing
between what the world wants you to be
and who you are
[Music]
we have to go back to where it all
started
where did you think i was all this time
[Music]
we have unfinished business
my girls are the toughest girls in the
world
i'm sorry we had our orders and we
played
our role it wasn't real
it was real to me
[Music]
she's such a mom
one thing's for sure
i'm done running from my past
[Music]
let me give you some advice you can't
care about anyone else
everyone else is an obstacle
you care what an obstacle wants or feels
you're dead
if i'd cared about anyone or thing i
might have died
you have the talent whether you have the
killer
instinct is the big question
she thought she owned everyone that's
foolish unhinged
well you're fired why are you speaking
i think you licked me but there's
something about poetic justice that's
just
so poetic you won't admit you
love me and so
how
you always tell me get her
this doesn't have to be a scene it
really really does
i'd like to remind you all that i'm
doing this in heels
what was your name cruella if you can
i want to make trouble you in i do love
trouble
you have a bit of an extreme side yes
darling
what fun that is
she stole my dogs
[Music]
i guess you must hate her she has made
it me or her
and i choose me
don't worry there's lots more bad things
coming perhaps
perhaps
[Applause]
sorry i'm just i am a little nervous
i've thought a lot more about being a
dad than i thought about
um making conversation with the person
carrying my baby
right well i'm nervous too to my sperm
to the donor's egg and to your uterus
cheers cheers mom
dad i have some exciting news
i'm pregnant i mean the surrogate is
pregnant
i'm not going to tell anybody i'm matt
i just don't have anyone that i really
need to share the news with
does that bother you matt
[Music]
hey sorry hey man bryce so did you guys
just do it or
matt oh who is this guy you can't do
that says who
are you like her uncle or something oh
i'm not her uncle i'm the father
oh my god you're your father no i'm not
her dad what do you think
it is more than fine to have sex when
you're pregnant but like my baby
is in there absorbing ejaculate i
use protection
[Music]
why are you doing this alone because i
am alone
i'm in this chapter of my life that
feels like it should be over but it's
not
it's just on a loop it's weird to be
perceived as hopeless in this moment
when i'm actually
incredibly hopeful why are you alone i
don't think being alone is a bad thing
so are you going to have the baby shower
i just want to say thank you for
doing this with me and i also apologize
for everyone i know
is that what this is like like donating
an organ i don't know i've never
donated an organ before we should
have better boundaries are we friends
aren't we i think that if we are
in order for this to work we shouldn't
be
i'd like to start class with a cleansing
breath
sometimes people just connect it's not
about being attracted to one another
so how many friends in their 20s do you
have
[Music]
at some point you will give birth to a
child and then what happens
just because you're not like together
together doesn't mean that you haven't
created a bond
but i'm really worried that you're
probably making a little straight white
guy in there
that's the whole plan i'm gonna
oh i should i just give him a podcast
[Music]
on your feet senior chief
john kelly
is more dangerous and effective
than any man we have in the field
[Music]
the only thing he has more than kills
are medals
[Music]
somebody would like to talk to you john
if you're done in there
we need you to get back in the field
senior chief kelly it appears you have a
common enemy with the united states
they took everything from me
my family i got nothing left
their plan is a series of strategic
attacks all over the world
we have to respond i need to be on that
team lieutenant commander greer
you lead the mission i'm leaving out the
playing field cia doesn't support any
further investigation into your wife's
murder
battlefield they've had no right to take
so much from me
[Music]
this
they know exactly where we've been
[Music]
now
no remorse
[Applause]
who am i
what do you want to do your life frankie
i don't know all right what kind of
stuff you want to make
i think you got potential i want to make
your next picture really yeah
what now yeah right now yo what's up
thanks for checking out this video my
little niece worships these guys who do
and say nothing
yo why is my existence so lit and
promote a lifestyle of doing and saying
nothing
hashtag swimming pool that's that
cocktail i just think this pineapple
life
you can't be following me like i'm no
one special man
you've got talent do you want to be the
guys that made two cool videos
do you want to be no one special
this is the beginning people came
oh my god this is so bad we're all here
it's crazy how good this is huh
we have phone or no phone i'm charles
melton and i'm here with no one's
special
then we have the game show that idea
good idea i love you no one's special
this is just feeling so right
we're about to go stratospheric
you know i see you right you see me
don't hurt her
i love that jake
are you prepared to let the world see
the real you
he's not who he says he is your success
directly contradicts your message does
it not you tell
viewers they're stupid for watching us
i want you to wake up because you're
getting swept up you're so jealous of
him get the viewers back up before we
lose anymore
a prophet will not be accepted in his
hometown you get to lead the revolution
[Music]
have you told me one single thing that
was true
hey myself
i'm no one special cut
that was great
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a safe place i'm agoraphobic
i can't go inside
i've been sleeping getting into a really
dark frame of mind
so what's the latest on the street your
neighbor
she's become a friend her name is jane
russell
do you want to go outside you know i
have a shrimp
[Music]
my 911 change has been stopped
protect the little nypd where's jane mr
russell believes that you made a mistake
you have never met my wife
ma'am you all right i know jane jane's
been in my house
i'm jane russell i'm not crazy
i know what i saw they're all hiding
something
your doctor said that your meds
can cause hallucinations
i'm not hallucinating
[Music]
i think there's somebody in my house
don't go looking into other people's
houses
you won't like what you see
what do you see when you look at me
ready for your test right
images can tell a story you have the
opportunity here
to move people artists
we came forward
hold up
someone just like your mother
i even imagined being mad at you before
things any kid does
but i never saw anything like this
[Music]
all they see is another black man with a
rap sheet thug looks the part to me
no one has any idea who i am
you can still do great things
he's a monster
[Music]
should one moment define my life
why'd they put you in a fire tower
[Music]
well i'm just lucky i guess
i read the wind wrong
[Music]
i should have gone to them
then you've been dead too
that's our job
[Music]
hey stop i'm not going to hurt you i
want to see where the blood's coming
from
it's not my blood
you in trouble
anyone else in trouble
my dad said if anything happened i
should find someone
i could trust are you someone i can
trust
we promise absolutes
act accordingly
give me something else to worry about
that eats everything in its path
you really want to dive for this kid
take it deep bruh
hold it
and lay back
what happens next
you're looking right in the eyes
[Music]
amy you're the best journalist we have i
need something that's going to get
people talking now i might have
something
i've been investigating the story about
young women being recruited by
extremists over social media
this is brilliant
how do you make contact i created a fake
profile
posing as a young convert to lure one of
the recruiters to me i'm going to share
my screen
[Music]
it's kind of hot what do you think the
it guys can record your desktop
amy tattoos are prohibited can you see
the tattoo no
ready to go
tell me about you you're beautiful in
the beginning he would be testing the
waters
he's a hunter he wants to seduce me
first i love you
only then will he give me a guide into
the recruitment process
come here i'll give you everything you
need a whole new life a very happy one
you have to believe me it's paradise
you're brave to admiring a man can i ask
you what your job is i don't want to
talk about over the internet this
journalist everywhere
and they've got no morals the vultures
you know exactly you're full of
surprises aren't you
you're not your type yeah your heart i
don't want to do the fighting under
cooking i'll go after you
babe is everything all right i'm fine if
i want to come to syria what do i need
to do
you're making me feel happy right now
are you falling in love with him it's
all just part of the recruitment process
oh baker what's the training program
like for converts like us
hey baby what are you looking at nothing
i'm looking at you
you wouldn't lie to me would you baby i
bought a ticket i'm coming this has gone
far enough i'm reeling him in
who's there with you no you say you're
what
my god i'm sharing my screams he's a
terrorist
oh my god you know who i am we'll find
you in a matter of minutes
no no no please don't delete your
account i need to make sure there's a
connection so i know
where he is if he's behind my door amy
what's going on
i'm gonna treat you like a queen
[Music]
this was an experiment tag you were
it no one had ever seen anything like it
i wanted to capture the family
forum
[Music]
but i don't think any of us sat there
thinking
oh my god we're changing the world
[Music]
joan had a brilliantly simple notion
children were watching a tremendous
amount of television
so why not see if it could educate them
i love the whole idea of taking
commercial
techniques and applying them to a show
for kids
i was convinced that it would be
impossible to do
jim henson frank oz if they were on you
had a good day
with the best of friends yes how many
lines do you have
three three well try to get the first
one
better
i had become intellectually and
spiritually
involved with the civil rights movement
those were
revolutionary times i saw it as a
political show
there's no question that we're
integrated that's our worst sin i'm
happy to be a sinner beautiful children
will grow up
right off to be on the set watching
this dynamic it was magic
it was people dedicated to a real ideal
and having the will to do it it was all
of us having the time of our lives
writing silly things but always with
this message
that television could be socially
valuable
[Music]
we're not sure what we are or what we
can be we know there's potential
and the realization to accept ourselves
that's what sesame street's about
[Music]
you